Add contributing section to the docs (#120)
infinitered/react-native-mlkit: docs/contributing/adding-a-new-module.md

---
sidebar_position: 99
---

# Adding a new module

To add a new module to the monorepo, there are a couple of things you need to do. This guide will walk you through the
process.

## 1. Create a new module

> Either copy and paste an existing module and rename it, or create a new directory in the `modules` directory, and add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either copy and paste an existing module and rename it, or create a module by running `npx create-expo-module module-name --local` in the  `modules` directory, and add
```

> the files required. See the Expo Modules API documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the follow the prompts. See the [Expo Modules API documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/modules/overview/) for more information.
```
